if you were looking at the history of
your life what would be the emotion
that's most scary to feel that's there
you know it's there but you're like I
can't I'm not allowed to feel
that I saw that smile so I know
something came to mind in this coaching
session which happened during one of our
public q&as I'm working with somebody
who has learned how to disappear as a
survival strategy they learn not only
the gift in that ability to disappear
but the steps they need to take so that
they can live a more full life all right
it's a good session I hope you enjoy it
I'm just completely blank on you know
where to go next um for context I lost
my mother like pretty early like when I
was five years old and then I tried you
know not to feel anything because at
that date I couldn't like understand
what's going on or you know manage what
happening to me I had no answers and so
um for pretty much like the whole of my
life I've been thinking of emotions as
these like useless and effective things
um and finally I'm in a place to you
know um connect with them but I don't
know like I cannot like label emotions I
don't know what's happening um you know
Ever After like listening to your
podcast I can like find some Sensations
but most of them are just like you know
pressure in the chest or like a Spoke
through the chest and nothing else comes
up
I'm very
blind so what what's the real
question I'm struggling you know to find
pleasure and like what to do next or
anything like everything I do is you
know just because that's the right thing
to do and not because I want to do this
yeah
yeah yes I have that phrase I don't know
if you've heard it but it's um Joy is
the matriarch of a family of emotions
and she won't come into a house where
her children aren't welcome
and it sounds like you very uh very
wisely compartmentalize your emotions so
that you could survive a World Without a
mother and I would assume a father who
was frustrated a lot or because they're
like he's no more as well and you know I
I have like no partners and single
parent with kids so I compartmentalized
like lots of emotions until now so yeah
this is the
yeah yeah so
what's what's the emotion that you're
scared to
feel around
um like the history of your life if you
were looking at the history of your life
what would be the emotion that's most
scary to feel that's there you know it's
there but you're like I can't I'm not
allowed to feel
that I saw saw that smile so I know
something came to
mind like I said uh I don't know
like it's been so
[Music]
long I'm not going to ask you to feel it
I'm just going to ask you to name it
what's the
let's try something
different instead of naming
it give me the
sound of the emotion that you aren't
allowed to feel around the history of
your life mom's death and the father
situation and all of
that what's the sound
I think it's a lot I think it's
everything almost like
um it feels like I just kept myself as
hidden as possible
like just what's the sound any sound is
fine just whatever you when you think
about your life what's the sound you
want to
make so right right there what is is
does this feel like
freeze like you're like I can't like it
like is that what's happening in your
system um I'm like my feet and like
hands are getting cold and I'm just
literally blank inside I don't I have
nothing okay
so I want you to become even more
blank so I'm G to ask you what the sound
is and you're going to go blank but I
don't want you to go blank like this
blank I want you to go like super blank
okay okay so what's the sound that you
want to make when you think about your
entire
life even more just like all the
way oh wow you're really good at that
what's the thing about here that you
enjoy about that that super blank place
that is like there's something about it
that's like it's like almost holy
there's some enjoyment there what is
that
I don't know it's just quiet it's just
quiet
yeah
yeah so let's try this thing out go to
that quiet place that's it is like I saw
it like there's there's like a surrender
to it almost yeah like it's quite lovely
so yeah there you are the quiet place
and I just want you to
feel two inches below your belly
button so stay in the quiet place but
just bring your body into
it and then also feel your heart
and then also feel your
throat and see what it's like to do it
with a straight body like straighten
your whole body so that it's like a
yeah it's like your
yeah like it honoring yourself as a way
to honor God
how how bad is the
depression I mean like nobody's ever
called me the before I'm like very high
achieving all the outside like St days
and then in a good work so um I think I
don't let it out that I'm you know this
lonely or
like I don't ever consider depressed you
don't you don't you don't describe
yourself you don't feel depressed you
don't have feelings of like I want this
over anything like
that no
my
apologies
yeah so what what's the sound that you
want that you would make just a little
sound that you would make from the if
you were looking at your
life I feel like I probably want to cry
a lot right now did you say cry a lot
yeah
yeah and what's the fear that if you cry
a lot what would be the fear that what
would make you what does your mind tell
you is the reason not to do
that there's no
reason I haven't like thought about
crying
how do you think you would feel after
you finished
crying I don't
know yeah the
guess I think it's going to be like a
very long perod of
crying I'm sorry I couldn't hear that
say again I think it's going to be like
a very long period of crying like so
many things
yeah when I first cried after 14 years I
cried for four days
straight yeah
I'm sorry that
you lost your
mother what happened when I said that
what what was your reaction when I said
it I feel like tears buring to my
eyes the quiet place that you find
do you notice it's always
there I think like I Retreat to like
often on purpose like I I've done it for
so many years it's the only place inside
that I know of like these things that
you call emotions they not there
inside these things that you call
motion I'm sorry I couldn't hear it say
again you know the things that you
normally call like you know emotions or
feelings to me it's not there all I have
inside is my blank space I see yeah it
doesn't feel bad it's it's quiet and no
I know I know the place yeah
yeah and um I what I want
to when when your when your tears come
which is inevitable see I see that it's
h it's going to happen
just notice that that like blank space
is still
there that the comfort of that blank
space is not
um The Tears Don't Disturb
it the tears just help the
body
yeah thank you you're welcome